update pdir extensions (#157)
contao/docs: docs/manual/extensions/maklermodul.en.md

![Broker list view in frontend](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul-bundle-frontend.png)

Detailed instructions can be found in the [manual](https://docs.pdir.de/#/maklermodul/index).

### Contao Themes with layout templates for the Maklermodul

> This contao themes includes layout templates for the Maklermodul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These contao themes include layout templates for the Maklermodul.
```

#### MATE Theme

**Demo:** [mate.pdir.de/immobilien.html](https://mate.pdir.de/immobilien.html)  
**Docs:** [docs.contao-themes.net](https://docs.contao-themes.net/#/mate_theme/maklermodul)  
**Install for free or order a license:** [contao-themes.net/theme-detail/mate.html](https://contao-themes.net/theme-detail/mate.html)  

> ![Immobilienliste mit Auswahllisten im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_selects.png ':size=150') ![Immobilienliste mit Buttons im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_buttons.png ':size=150') ![Immobilien Exposé im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_details.png ':size=150')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![property list with mit select lists within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_selects.png ':size=150') ![property list with buttons within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_buttons.png ':size=150') ![property description within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_details.png ':size=150')
```

#### ODD Theme

**Demo:** [odd.contao-themes.net/immobilien.html](https://odd.contao-themes.net/immobilien.html)  
**Docs:** [docs.contao-themes.net](https://docs.contao-themes.net/#/odd_theme/odd-maklermodul)  
**Install for free or order a license:** [contao-themes.net/theme-detail/odd.html](https://contao-themes.net/theme-detail/odd.html)  

> ![Immobilienliste mit Auswahllisten im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_liste_selects.png ':size=150') ![Immobilienliste mit Buttons im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_liste_buttons.png ':size=150') ![Immobilien Exposé im MATE Theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_details.png ':size=150')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![property list with select lists within the ODD theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_liste_selects.png ':size=150') ![property list with buttons within the ODD theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_liste_buttons.png ':size=150') ![property description within the ODD theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_odd_details.png ':size=150')
```

**Docs:** [docs.contao-themes.net](https://docs.contao-themes.net/#/mate_theme/maklermodul)  
**Install for free or order a license:** [contao-themes.net/theme-detail/mate.html](https://contao-themes.net/theme-detail/mate.html)  

> ![property list with mit select lists within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_selects.png ':size=150') ![property list with buttons within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_liste_buttons.png ':size=150') ![property description within the MATE theme](/de/extensions/images/de/maklermodul_mate_details.png ':size=150')

Reviewer 2: remove "mit"
